Ps 35:4-28


----
Ps 36:1-4

How often do I preach
against the sin in others
deep in the hearts of meandas they continue to plot in vainas if there is no God.

But my lifewas filled to the hilt
with my own wickednessperversions that few can know
evil that cause some to shrudder
sin that churns and burns in my ownheart
mindsoul
continuously.

I was one of these worthless meandthat sinned all the moreI was ill-deserving of any lenency
i could not afford grace
but you O Lord had me in your sights
and you had sweetest mercy for meand you pulled me out of helland your rescued me from deathand you loved meand you saved meand you bless me.

My God, keep your hand on my lifeand keep turning my heart towards you.

Amen.
----
Ps 36:5-6

I search this earth
for something that is good and holy
and none I can find
I see semblances
but none fulfilling

But you lead me to your word
and your word speaks of you
I see that you alone are good
holy
justified
merciful
gracious
loving
and righteous
and we are so far from youI see my own heartand I am an infinite distanec from your precense
Who would bridge this gap?
Is it I?
Let me try my best
let me abstain from sinlet me not look at porn
let me not lust after someone eclipseslet me not steal 
let me not lifelet me not swell in predestinedlet me fail not in helping those in need
let me do good
Oh but everything I do is infected with sinI see it because I know it in my heartwhen I am helpful, I do so in order for poeple to like meWhen I am nice, I want people to think I am goodbut if they could see my heartif they could see the thoughts of my mindsin would run continuouslyand they judge me wanting

But you saw the depths of my souleven beyond what I can seein the darkness and despair
and you did not shrudded 
you did not look awayyou took pity on this old fool
and you gave me your Sonaqnd you gave me your Spiritand you gave me your inheritance
your dailymercies
your sweetest graceand your steadfast love.

Keep me in palms of your hands O LordI stand on the spoken word of your Sonthat no onenot everythingsin
Satandeath
demonsand hellcan take me from your handsand you will never let me God.

Keep me in your heartand speak into my souland write your words in my heartthat I may never sin against you.
